Let's talk a bit about how
this course is going to work.
In a lot of courses, we
would present the material
in a way that's very ordered.
Each topic is touched upon
once, and related topics
are touched upon together.
In this course, we're going
to try something different.
We'll introduce a lot
of new tools early on,
but we won't go very deep.
We'll give you a sense
of how to use them,
and then we'll move on.
In later chapters, we'll
introduce scenarios
where something is going wrong.
We'll describe
what you're seeing,
and when it's appropriate,
we'll pull out a tool
and show you how to use it
to perform a diagnostic test.
That is when you'll
really see what
you want to do with that tool
in that particular situation.
Maybe the tool will show
you something useful,
or maybe it will eliminate
a hypothesis for what
could have caused the issue.
During this course, we may
touch on an individual tool
several times and use it
in several different ways.
The net result is
that the course
is going to be structured around
issues and diagnostic questions
rather than MongoDB features.
And that's how we'll structure
things for the course.